[doc] PR for Update screenshots and procedures in configure-backup-storage.md (#12205)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/back-up-restore-universes/configure-backup-storage.md

## Amazon S3

You can configure Amazon S3 as your backup target, as follows:

1. Navigate to **Configs** > **Backup** > **Amazon S3**.

2. Click **Create S3 Backup** to access the configuration form shown in the following illustration:<br><br>

   ![AWS Backup](/images/yp/cloud-provider-configuration-backup-aws.png)<br><br>

> 3. Use the **Configuration Name** field to provide a meaning name for you backup configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the **Configuration Name** field to provide a meaningful name for your backup configuration.
```

4. Enable **IAM Role** to use the YugabyteDB Anywhere instance's Identity Access Management (IAM) role for the S3 backup.

> 5. If **IAM Role** is disabled, enter values for **Access Key** and **Access Secret** fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If **IAM Role** is disabled, enter values for the **Access Key** and **Access Secret** fields.
```

6. Enter values for the **S3 Bucket** and **S3 Bucket Host Base** fields.

   For information on how to obtain AWS credentials, see [Understanding and getting your AWS credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html).

7. Click **Save**.

You can configure access control for the S3 bucket as follows:

- Provide the required access control list (ACL), and then define **List, Write** permissions to access **Objects**, as well as **Read, Write** permissions for the bucket, as shown in the following illustration: <br><br>
  ![img](/images/yp/backup-aws-access-control.png)
- Create Bucket policy to enable access to the objects stored in the bucket.

## Network File System

You can configure Network File System (NFS) as your backup target, as follows:

1. Navigate to **Configs > Backup > Network File System**.

2. Click **Create NFS Backup** to access the configuration form shown in the following illustration:<br><br><br>

   ![NFS Cloud Provider Configuration](/images/yp/cloud-provider-configuration-backup-nfs.png)<br><br>

> 3. Use the **Configuration Name** field to provide a meaning name for you backup configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the **Configuration Name** field to provide a meaningful name for your backup configuration.
```

4. Complete the **NFS Storage Path** field by entering `/backup` or another directory that provides read, write, and access permissions to the SSH user of the YugabyteDB Anywhere instance.

5. Click **Save**.

## Google Cloud Storage

You can configure Google Cloud Storage (GCS) as your backup target, as follows:

1. Navigate to **Configs > Backup > Google Cloud Storage**.

2. Click **Create GCS Backup** to access the configuration form shown in the following illustration:<br><br><br>

   ![GCS Cloud Provider Configuration](/images/yp/cloud-provider-configuration-backup-gcs.png)<br><br>

> 3. Use the **Configuration Name** field to provide a meaning name for you backup configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the **Configuration Name** field to provide a meaningful name for your backup configuration.
```

> 4. Complete  **GCS Bucket** and **GCS Credentials** fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Complete the **GCS Bucket** and **GCS Credentials** fields.
```

   For information on how to obtain GCS credentials, see [Cloud Storage authentication](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/authentication).

5. Click **Save**.

> You can configure access control for the S3 bucket as follows:

Reviewer: S3 bucket? for GCS?

Author: That should be GCS bucket.
Fixed.

- Provide the required access control list (ACL) and set it as either uniform or fine-grained (for object-level access).
- Add permissions, such as roles and members.

## Azure Storage

You can configure Azure as your backup target, as follows:

> 1. Create a storage account in Azure, as follows:

Reviewer: Why is Azure the only one with instructions for creating the storage account?

Author: The other sections have links to the provider docs. 
I guess whoever wrote the original doc had a reason for adding the content instead of a link. I'll leave it as is for now.

    <br/>

    ![Azure Shared Access Signature page](/images/yp/cloud-provider-configuration-backup-azure-generate-token.png)<br><br>

1. On your YugabyteDB Anywhere instance, provide the container URL and SAS token for creating a backup, as follows:

    <br/>

    * Navigate to **Configs** > **Backup** > **Azure Storage**.
    * Click **Create AZ Backup** to access the configuration form shown in the following illustration:<br><br><br>

    ![GCS Cloud Provider Configuration](/images/yp/cloud-provider-configuration-backup-azure.png)<br><br>
    

>     * Use the **Configuration Name** field to provide a meaning name for you backup configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Use the **Configuration Name** field to provide a meaningful name for your backup configuration.
```

Author: LOLOLOL, I copied that "meaning name for you backup" five times
